# Food Truck Project

### tech details
This project still has some errors in the FoodTruckApp class.

This project is designed to prompt a user to submit information about five food
trucks, store that information, create a user menu, and display information (based
on user input) dependent of the user selection of the menu. The app will quit if
the user inputs "quit" or selects the quit option on the user menu.

The project has two classes, FoodTruck and FoodTruckApp.

The FoodTruck class defines methods of name, id, food type, and rating for each
food truck.

Via while loop, the FoodTruckApp class, a user is prompted to provide name,
food type and rating for a food truck. An id is generated for each food truck by assigning it an int value that is equal to the iteration of the while loop. After
user input is given, via Scanner, a new FoodTruck object is created (truck1, truck2, etc.) and the loop is run again (up to five times).

The rest of the project did not execute, due to errors which will be examined later.
The intent, however, is described below.

A user menu is created under printMenu() method. The method is called after all input is given via scanner. A menuSelection() method is then called, which asks the user for a menu choice. Via switch, after choices 1-3 are selected, the corresponding output is produced, followed by the printMenu() method.

Choice 1 - food truck names are called upon referencing the created objects (truck1, truck2, etc.) from the main method and the getName() method from the FoodTruck class.

Choice 2 - an average of the food truck ratings are generated by calling the getRating() for each truck object and finding the average.

Choice 3 - the getRating() value for truck1 is assigned the highestRating variable.
the highestRating is compared to each of the trucks' ratings, one by one. If there is a higher rating, it is assigned to the highestRating.

Choice 4 - the switch breaks and a goodbye message is returned.



#LessonsLearned

Without a complete project, this section will be incomplete, as well. I do want to explore the errors in the FoodTruckApp class, though.

The main error is based in the local nature in the created truck variables. After exploring a number of failed alternatives, based of the car and bank examples from Friday, I kept it in there to at least show some of the logic in good faith. Based on some of the course work, I do wonder if this is to do with the scope of the variables in the loop.

This was discovered after 2pm on Saturday, so a big lesson learned was to come into Saturday with a more of the project completed. In my mind, the remaining code I had was pretty clear, but then the error came up and I could not find a solution.

In addition, all the methods in the FoodTruckApp are static. I tried to only have
the main be static, but was met with errors in the other methods. 


# FoodTruckProject
